Court Case: State vs. Jenkins
Defendant: Jerry Jenkins
Suspected Crime: Illegal possession of 10,000 rubber duckies
Transcript: Trial of State vs. Jenkins, Room 203, Charming County Court

Judge: Order in the court. We shall begin with opening statements. Prosecution, you may proceed.
Prosecutor: Your Honor, ladies and gentlemen of the jury, we have a peculiar case before us today. Mr. Jerry Jenkins has been found in possession of an illegal amount of rubber duckies. We will present evidence and witnesses that will prove Mr. Jenkins' guilt beyond a reasonable doubt.
Defense Attorney: Your Honor, members of the jury, my client, Mr. Jenkins, is a simple man with a peculiar hobby. His possession of the rubber duckies is innocent. We will show that the allegations against my client are nothing more than a misunderstanding.

Prosecutor's Examination of Witness 1, Officer Smith:
Prosecutor: Officer Smith, can you please tell us what you saw when you arrived at Mr. Jenkins' residence?
Officer Smith: Certainly. When we arrived, we saw numerous boxes stacked high in the living room. Upon opening the boxes, we discovered thousands of rubber duckies.
Prosecutor: Were these rubber duckies legal?
Officer Smith: No, they were not. There is a city ordinance that limits the possession of rubber duckies to 100 per person.

Defense Attorney's Cross-Examination of Witness 1, Officer Smith:
Defense Attorney: Officer Smith, is it possible that my client was unaware of this city ordinance?
Officer Smith: It's possible, but it's also widely known in the community.
Defense Attorney: And could these rubber duckies have been for personal use, and not for distribution?
Officer Smith: I suppose, but it's an excessive amount for personal use.

Prosecutor's Examination of Witness 2, Neighbor Sally:
Prosecutor: Ms. Sally, did you ever see anything unusual at Mr. Jenkins' residence?
Neighbor Sally: Yes, he often had large deliveries of boxes. One time, I saw him unbox a rubber duckie and kiss it!
Prosecutor: Did you ever see any illegal activities?
Neighbor Sally: No, not that I know of.

Defense Attorney's Cross-Examination of Witness 2, Neighbor Sally:
Defense Attorney: Ms. Sally, have you ever seen any harmful actions by my client?
Neighbor Sally: No, I haven't.
Defense Attorney: Is it possible that Mr. Jenkins simply loves rubber duckies?
Neighbor Sally: I guess so, but it's a bit odd.

Closing Statements:
Prosecutor: Your Honor, members of the jury, we have shown that Mr. Jenkins had an excessive number of rubber duckies, clearly violating city ordinances. It is not about whether or not Mr. Jenkins' actions are harmful, but whether they are illegal.
Defense Attorney: Your Honor, members of the jury, while it may be unusual for a man to have such a fondness for rubber duckies, it is not a crime to have hobbies. The ordinance was designed to prevent commercial abuse, not personal enjoyment. Mr. Jenkins has not harmed anyone.
